Analysis for bullet point 2When model was trained for both typists on all six letters available with attribution and correct text, the program was able to correctly determine the typist with 67% percent accuracy. Thus, assuming that this result can be generalized, the predictions for the six new attributed letters lacking accompanying text would be approximately 67% accurate as well. We could also consider applying Laplace’s rule of succession to our prediction of accuracy - it’s not clear we should have a uniform prior, but we could do so, in which case we will instead get a prediction of 5/8 = 62.5%. The confidence in the predictions varies depending on the results for particular letters. Positive numbers indicate that the prediction is for typist 1, and negative numbers indicate that the prediction is for typist 2. A large positive number indicates that the confidence in the prediction should be high. Accordingly, a negative number farther away from 0 indicates that the confidence for the prediction for typist 2 should be higher. Bullet point 3The model trained for both typists on all six letters available with attribution and correct text predicts that unknown letter 5 was written by typist 1 with a Jaynes’s evidence of 9.15. This indicates that the confidence in the prediction should not be very high as it is close to 0. For letter 6, the model predicts that the letter was written by typist 2 with a Jaynes’s evidence of -10.91. The Jaynes’s evidence is close to 0 which means again that the confidence in the prediction should not be very high. The Jaynes’s evidence for letter 20 is -124.99 so we should have more confidence in this prediction compared to the previous predictions made about the unknown letters. For letter 21, the Jaynes’s evidence was -50.15 which is a lower Jaynes’s evidence compared to letter 20, but is still relatively high compared to the first 2 unknown letters. Therefore, we should have a relatively high confidence in this prediction by the program. Letter 23 has a Jayne’s evidence of 1.99 which is very close to 0 which indicates that the prediction that this letter was written by typist 1 should not hold much confidence. Letter 24 has a Jaynes’s evidence of -30.17 which indicates that we should have decent confidence that this letter was written by typist 2. Overall, the previous tests on the model indicate that the program has an overall accuracy of 67% so we can use that knowledge along with the Jaynes’s evidence to determine how much confidence we should have on a given prediction.